Now let's jump to our terminal and here before we
create new seeder for favoriting the question
let's create another seeder that will be hold our
existing code in our database seeder file.
So everything inside that file will be moved to this seeder
and since the existing code is to generate fake users,
questions and answers here I'll call it users users
questions answers table seeder but of course feel free to call it with a you like.
Now let's
open database seeder file
and here let's cut everything
and then say this
call here because what we call a multiple seeder files
that's why we pass in an array
and inside this we can specify the seeder class.
All right let's open `UsersQuestionsAnswersTableSeeder`
and paste those in this run method.
and up here we can explicitly delete the records on users
questions and answers tables like so
this deletion command
might not be unnecessary because we can run migrate:fresh
command before we run all seeds as we did in
other lessons on this course.
But maybe for some reasons you don't want to call it
or we want to run the seed individually then this
deletion command will be helpful.
And of course we need to execute these commands in reverse order.
Here we create the user then questions and answers.
So here if you want to delete the records on these tables then we need to do that in reverse order
otherwise we'll find error
now let's go back to our terminal and create the
seeder for generating fake favorite question.
php artisan make:seeder and then the name
is going to be favorites table seeder
All right let's open the favorites table seeder file
Here
let's import the namespace of the user and question model
and then here
Firstly we can delete the favorite table explicitly like so.
Again we do this just to make sure we have no duplicate
records when we run the seeder individually.
Then we can get all users ids like so
and assign them into a variable
and then we can count all users and assign to another variable.
Then we can iterate all questions using foreach loop.
And inside here we can randomly attach
every single question to at least one user.
Or in other word we make every single question
to be favorited by at least one user.
We can achieve that like this
inside this for loop
firstly we get the random user
and assign into another variable user in this case
and last
we can attach the current question to
the random user like this question
favorites attach user.
So here we get all questions and then for a single question we randomly attach or make it to be favorited
at least by one user.
That's why here we place the attach
method call inside for loop.
And we start from zero to the total number of the users.
This will make the question possibly be favorited
by one user or even by all users.
Now we can switch to database seeder file.
And here we call out favorites table
seeder file by specify the class here.
So now we have two seeders and registered them
in this database seeder file.
We can save all changes
and here we can run them by saying: php artisan
db:seed  or if you want to run individual
seed let's say you only want to run favorites table
seeder then here you can specify class equals and then
the seed class favorites table seeder.
All right
favorites table seeder has been run
now let me open phpmyadmin
as can see I have some records in these favorites table.
But here you see that created at and updated at columns
are empty so to fix that we can go to
Question model
and here you can chain the belongs to many with
withTimestamps method called like this.
Also we can do the same thing to favorites method in user model
save all changes.
And let's run our favorites table seeder again.
Let me refresh this
favorites table
and now the created at and updated at column
are no longer empty.
All right
now let's open
show.blade.php file and find favorite
here it is.
Now we can change this static number with question
favorites count.
save that and let's see
this question has not favorited by anyone
It's also
OK here
This question provided by one user.
Let's see
another question.
OK this question
favorited by three users.
Okay great
now let's finally implement what we have been doing
so far in one application and make this favorite button
working.